[microsoft_sqlserver] Introduced merge results flag in performance data streams (#4561)
elastic/integrations: packages/microsoft_sqlserver/_dev/build/docs/README.md

Collects the `performance` counter metrics. Dynamic counter feature provides flexibility to collect metrics by providing the counter name as an input.

> The feature `merge_results` has been introuduced in 8.4 beats which create a single event by combining the metrics together in a single event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The feature `merge_results` has been introduced in 8.4 beats which create a single event by combining the metrics together in a single event. See [here](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/beats/metricbeat/current/metricbeat-module-sql.html#_example_merge_multiple_queries_to_single_event) for details.
```

Author: Done.
